docs(readme): remove mention of specific kubo (#51)
ipshipyard/p2p-forge: README.md

# p2p-forge

> An Authoritative DNS server and HTTP+libp2p API for distributing DNS subdomains with CA-signed TLS certificates to libp2p peers.

<a href="http://ipshipyard.com/"><img align="right" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/39ed3504-bb71-47f6-9bf8-cb9a1698f272" /></a>

> This repository includes golang client and the backend of AutoTLS feature (see [blog.libp2p.io/autotls](https://blog.libp2p.io/autotls/) and [`AutoTLS` in Kubo](https://github.com/ipfs/kubo/blob/master/docs/config.md#autotls).  

Author: ```suggestion
This repository includes golang client and the backend of AutoTLS feature (see [blog.libp2p.io/autotls](https://blog.libp2p.io/autotls/) and [`AutoTLS` in Kubo](https://github.com/ipfs/kubo/blob/master/docs/config.md#autotls)).  
```

> This repository includes golang client and the backend of AutoTLS feature (see [blog.ipfs.tech](https://blog.ipfs.tech/2024-shipyard-improving-ipfs-on-the-web/#autotls-with-libp2p-direct), [`AutoTLS` in Kubo](https://github.com/ipfs/kubo/blob/master/docs/config.md#autotls).  

Author: ```suggestion
This repository includes golang client and the backend of AutoTLS feature (see [blog.libp2p.io/autotls](https://blog.libp2p.io/autotls/) and [`AutoTLS` in Kubo](https://github.com/ipfs/kubo/blob/master/docs/config.md#autotls).  
```
